hey guys today I'm JP oh this is funny
guide oh one in this video is on today
is going to be about how to make a
simple rabbit food
how does look at simple rabbit food as
you need a stop a lettuce
I only take two socks cuz going with
only one rabbit one and pretty badly
wait so I'm actually opinion I'd say
before that guys here is it creeps next
resistance notice I'm not going to use a
stop on that one wouldn't eat this one
yeah a tooth box and and then of course
you have to be something like Stephanie
cutter is so next thing hey what you do
is you got carrots so then I cut it are
usually squeezed over this cut it out
doesn't really matter how big it is and
just refine how to fire a bazooka
digesting farewell alright sorry only
give them to staff and we put back in
this but this is Bowl this is his little
lettuce nice out and of course I'm gonna
get him some
first so now I take it I need you give
it to him for carrots Sam I giving me
works in seen a little boy today just
stopping for so fast I just clean it off
top down this cage and this is a simple
rabbit food sleep it's actually pretty
good for him
healthy fall pretty healthy food
healthy actually yeah this is food it
will have you guys watch me when I put
the food in this change see what he does
I'm gonna do lifestyle just good are you
just putting aside their movie just
watching you guys I wouldn't blame
anyone with I'm kinda mad about it
that's hard to budget that's enough for
now
nothing much listen it is yeah I take a
super-eruption comment rate and
subscribe bye guys